Good evening, family.
Almost tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray over some things.
We'll go over some things that Braden found in the news today and we'll just jump right in the river and start praying for our nation, our world, and for peace.
There are a lot of things we can be praying for, but we'll go as the Holy Spirit leads us tonight.
I'm just thankful for every one of you that wants to pray with us.
We're just doing what we always do, seeking the Lord.
Go ahead, son.
Do you have anything you wanted to show everybody?
There was a shooting today with an individual by the J.
D.
Vance motorcade in Washington, D.
C.
The suspect was shot, but I don't think anybody else was hurt.
So, nothing fatal.
I don't know why this happened, but it's pretty crazy.
There's a lot of drama around Washington, D.
C.
, but it's in the news.
So, Braden brought it to you.
What is this right here?
What are all these planes?
We have Nick Shirley—and I do not understand why this young man would do that—who went from the frying pan in America to Cuba to show everything that is going on there.
From what I understand, the Cuban government is after him.
He went over there to document the humanitarian crisis and what it's like to be in a communist country.
I guess they think he's a spy.
Is he detained?
They detained him.
I haven't finished the whole story, but they said they detained him and he's in a room right now.
It's actually pretty dumb; 2.
5 million views aren't worth it.
That is nuts.
We'll be praying for him to get some wisdom and come home.
We need you over here uncovering the bad guys.
Cuba's about to have its day.
Is there more news?
They're showing all the planes in the sky.
A lot of planes are flying over, getting ready for something.
I wonder if they're bringing some kind of supplies.
I don't know what that's all about.
It's a slow news day.
We're going to make lemonade out of lemons.
There's something about Jerome Powell.
Jerome Powell is too late.
Trump did that; it was a direct disaster for America.
Interest rates are too high, and they're throwing Jerome Powell out in the chat.
That's kind of funny.
When is his last day?
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to all the Latinos.
Isn't that exciting?
I guess for you all, though I don't really understand Cinco de Mayo.
I know it's a big celebration.
I know the neighbor gets drunk; he plays loud music and drinks a lot of beer.
I don't know, monsters in masks.
Now, this is creepy.
They had some kind of summit in Europe, and somebody sent us the opening ceremony.
The Prime Minister of Italy was there along with other big leaders, and it’s very creepy.
It has a lot of weird, dark symbolism.
You can see them doing their thing, and it has a cultic vibe.
They use kids a lot.
It's just creepy.
I haven't watched the whole thing, but it has a very dark vibe.
I don't know what it represents or why they're doing it, but goodness gracious, it's worse than the Olympics.
You can see the devil horns and the weirdness.
It's demonic.
You can feel it.
Do I have vitamins in my teeth?
I know it's personal, but I want to grind it to a pulp.
It gets in my bloodstream faster when I chew it up.
I don't want my stomach to have to break it down, so I chew my vitamins.
Ready?
Is that it?
I figured out that there was a ceasefire between May 8th and 9th.
That's interesting.
Russia declares a ceasefire with Ukraine for those two days.
Russia did it?
I'll have to look into that.
Anything else?
Iran struck a UAE oil refinery.
Another oil refinery is up in flames.
They're really trying for that $200 barrel, aren't they?
Go Packers.
There's a lot going on.
Let's just pray tonight.
I feel in my heart that we have much to pray about in these end times.
I believe we've seen things change through prayer.
There was protection over J.
D.
Vance today.
I believe our economy needs to turn around.
I'm praying for a major turnaround through the midterms.
They're trying to pump the economy and cause a rally.
As you listen to other YouTubers like Johnny Bravo, he talks about how the stock market isn't the indicator; it's the bond markets.
I'm trying to learn all that.
A healthy economy isn't necessarily about the stock market.
There are other indicators to look at.
It's interesting to listen to people like Johnny Bravo who are more educated on this.
There's a lot to this with the oil, the fertilizer, and the farmers saying they aren't going to plant their fields because of the droughts.
You just don't realize how much it affects things when you shut down the shipping industry.
It's not just about oil.
It's not just about—the Strait had a lot more to do with it than just oil.
There are a lot of components about the economy—more than I ever realized—from gas to all these other things.
Well, that's just a fraction of stuff.
All right, let's pray tonight.
Let's pray over our weather, pray over the rain, and we'll pray over Trump and just see where the Holy Spirit leads us.
Father, I thank you for the body.
We lift up this body and this time before you.
Father, we enter into your throne room boldly.
I thank you that you inhabit the praises of your people, and you love us so much, Father, that you abide in us.
You chose to give your life for us and make us joint heirs with you, seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
Father, you didn't leave us defenseless, but you gave us your son's authority in the name of Jesus that we can speak to things and call those things to be not as though they were, and know that if we're believing believers, we will see results.
Whatever we put our hands to, we're going to see results—to be blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we don't have to struggle or lack or have sickness in our bodies.
Father, you are the great I AM, and you live on the inside of us.
We're so thankful that we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And the moment we pray and we touch and agree—as many hands make light work when we come before your throne boldly as your kids and we petition you—you said, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then you would hear from heaven and you would heal our land.
' I believe, Father, that you're the God who is a healer of the land.
I thank you right now for us all agreeing together, believing believers coming together and believing for change in our government, change in our finances, change in our health, change in our marriages, and change in our children.
Whatever you're believing for, there's nothing too big for God to turn it around for you.
That's why I try to say this every single time I come and pray with y'all: believe God for big.
I'd rather believe God for $1 million and get $500,000 than to believe for nothing at all.
Set out to believe him for big instead of thinking so small.
If you get half, that's great.
I believe that God is a God of multiplication, and he's able to do exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
It's not just about finances, but finances help a lot, don't they?
When you don't have much and then you have more than enough to get your bills paid, and then if you're not feeling very good in your body and you get part of it and you say, 'At least I'm better than I was.
' I'd rather have the whole thing, though.
Stretch out and believe for big for your mental peace.
There are so many who are dealing with mental anxiety and depression and worry that is just bombarding you.
As we saw in the emails today—and Brandon, that is me—there are so many of us dealing with depression and anxiety who can't sleep at night.
There were so many emails.
Diana told me today, she said, 'Brandon, there are so many people that are overcoming.
' And he said he'd give us perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee, because we trusteth in thee.
And I believe that peace passes all understanding.
Whenever you are lying down in bed, he gives his beloved restful sleep.
You have to get the Word of God down inside of your heart, and it will change you from the inside out.
But if you don't have any scripture that you're standing on, you're going to go nowhere.
The scripture has to back what you're praying.
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for: finances, a good marriage, healing in your body, whatever it may be—sleep.
People say, 'I deal with insomnia.
' And it's amazing, but he said there's scripture.
You just have to go in there, and in the Bible app, Life.
Church has that on there.
You go on there and you can put in what you're believing God for.
Find scriptures to stand on; I'm believing for good sleep tonight.
Help me to have some good sleep.
And there are so many scriptures on sleep put in here.
And great, now it pulls up all the scriptures on sleep.
'How long will you sleep, O sluggard?
' That's not a good one.
'Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep.
' That's not a good one either; that's for people being lazy.
There's one in Psalms: 'He that keepeth thee shall neither slumber nor sleep.
' Well, I'm looking for how you get to sleep good.
Well, I don't like using Google Apps.
'I will both lie down.
' There you go, Psalm 4:8.
Grab ahold of this, write it down, put it on a post-it note, and put it on your mirror where you're looking every morning and quote this scripture over your mind.
Put it on your visor or on your dash and go back to Psalm 4:8: 'I will both lie down and sleep, for you alone, O Lord, make me dwell in safety.
' That's a good one.
'When you lie down, you will not be afraid; when you lie down, your sleep will be sweet.
' So I claim that.
Grab hold of that and say, 'That's me.
' Put your name in it: 'When Brandon lies down, he will not be afraid.
Brandon, when you lie down, your sleep will be sweet.
' Add your name to it; make it personal.
When the Word of God gets personal to you, it becomes real in your spirit.
This isn't somebody else's God; this is for you.
This isn't your mama's gospel that you fall back on.
When you get real, God will become real with you.
Psalm 127:2: 'It is in vain that you rise up early and go late to rest, eating the bread of anxious toil, for he gives to his beloved sleep.
' Matthew 11:28: 'Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
' So you can go on and on.
But after I heard so many people say that they had problems sleeping and problems resting at night, you have to renew your mind to the Word of God.
The only thing that's going to change for you is when the word gets inside of you.
The only thing I'm saying is the only way your circumstances are going to change is when you get the Word of God inside of you and it becomes alive.
Like I said, if you don't aim high and you just get part, at least you got something.
I think people get so upset about things and they don't even try.
They have that victim mentality, and there ain't nobody else who can feel sorry for you.
You've got to grab ahold of this like a bull and throw that bull down on the ground.
When you go steer wrestling, you throw it down on the ground, and you either have it or you don't.
If not, that thing's going to run you over.
Grab ahold of it, pull those horns down to the ground, and do what you need to do.
Take care of business.
But you've got to get bold inside of yourself and say, 'Enough's enough, devil.
I'm not going to allow you to torment me anymore.
' I'm done being tormented in the night.
I'm done being tormented in my sleep.
You're not going to bother me; I'm going to sleep.
When I put my head down, I call my cortisol levels normal.
I call my adrenal glands to function.
That was one of the words the Lord gave us last night; we were praying over adrenal glands and over cortisol levels being too high or spiking at night when they're supposed to be normal, calling your hormones to line up with the Word of God.
Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition—with thanksgiving—present your request to God, and the peace of God will guard your heart and your mind in Christ Jesus.
You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you because you trust.
First Peter 5:7: 'Cast all your anxieties on him because he cares for you.
' I lay down and sleep; I woke up again, for the Lord sustained me.
That's David.
I lay down and sleep; I woke again, for the Lord sustained you.
The Lord will sustain you.
So get that down inside of you.
Write those down and meditate on it.
Meditate, meditate.
Put that in your mind and mutter it out your mouth.
Say it out your mouth and it will become so real to you that you'll go, 'Wow, I slept so good tonight.
I see the word is working mightily in me.
' That's why I say it all the time: 'The Lord is working mightily in me.
' Pastor Chip sings that: 'No matter what I see or feel, I believe it's what's going on in me; the word is working mightily in me.
' So I just try to give you that because there are so many people that say they're having a hard time, and I don't know how else to get out of a hard time either except through the Word of God.
Even in the darkest hours of my life, there was nobody else there to hold my hand; it was that bulldog—I'm going to get out of this; I'm on a bone; I'm not going to give up.
I don't care what a psychiatrist tells you.
I don't care what kind of medicine they try to put you on.
Real results, real things that will change you forever and you'll never look back, is the Word of God.
It is a lamp to my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide it in my heart that I might not sin against him.
And the more that word becomes a light unto my path, the more you know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you tonight.
I've seen it work time and time and time again.
You know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Psalm 119:105: 'The word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
' I will hide it in my heart that I might not sin against you, Lord.
That's why I try to tell y'all, because like I said, there's so many of you that are just born again, and there's nobody teaching you in church.
There's not a lot of people teaching you how to get free.
They give you a good little sermon, have a little bit of worship, take up an offering, and send you on your way.
And I'm going to tell you, nobody's going to get free off that.
It's porridge, and you can't get strong and have the meat of the word if you're eating porridge and you are continually being fed anemic food.
If you don't get ahold of some kind of T-bone steak in the spirit realm and you start eating on that and you get some meat on your bones, you sit there and go, 'Hey, when the enemy comes like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour...
' Who are the Christians that he doesn't devour?
He's seeking who he can.
That means there's some of them he can't.
Who are the Christians that he can't devour?
The one who is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost and knows who they are in Christ.
Read in Ephesians; get in Ephesians down deep inside of your heart, knowing who you are in Christ, and you say, 'No, Satan, thus far and no further!
You will not touch my children.
You'll not touch my house.
You will not touch my finances, for I have authority over you.
' I am seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
I believe that as he is, so are we in this world.
He'll come and test it.
He'll knock on your door.
But as soon as he knocks on your door, it's like the FedEx guy; you say, 'Yeah, that ain't my package; take that package back.
' He tries to deliver a poopoo package, a big old box full of devil poo on your porch, and he's going to say, 'Do you want to accept my package?
' and you say, 'No, get out of here and return to sender; I don't want it.
You don't have power to put it on me.
' The Bible says a curse without a cause cannot stand.
They can't curse you because they can't curse whom God has blessed.
The blood of Jesus is against them.
That's why we take communion.
That's why we understand who we are when we anoint our head with oil and my cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Either you believe it or you don't, but the only way you're going to start to even believe it a little bit is getting that word down inside of your heart.
Then it gets bigger; it becomes a foundation and you go, 'Hey, I can build on this.
' But if you don't have a foundation, if you don't have a taproot—a taproot is what grows that tree—you've got to have a taproot first.
But if that taproot is not down inside of your heart of the Word of God, the wind and the storms of life will blow your house right over.
But a house that is built on the solid rock and the Word of God will not be shaken, will not bent or bow down to any storm.
It will withstand the storms and the trials of life.
But if you don't have the Word of God down inside of you, you're in trouble.
And I told you again, from what I have seen coming, we are in the end—the last of the last days.
Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming for a church without spot or wrinkle that has a backbone like a crowbar.
He ain't coming back for a weak, anemic church that's in retreat mode; he's coming back for a glorious church.
And I'm trying to tell you tonight, the only way you will become victorious in your walk with him is by knowing him and through His word—not by some prophet on YouTube, not by hearing some sermon all the time on YouTube.
The only thing that is going to change it from the inside out is you getting the dust off the Bible that you have and opening it up, and it will change you from the inside out and it will become light.
The entrance of His Word brings forth light, and it will change you as you renew your mind to the Word of God.
It's boring.
I don't want to read.
Find a scripture that pertains to you and what you understand.
People get upset about certain Passion Translations and New Living and all this, but I don't read those.
I read the New King James, I read the Amplified, and things like that.
But you've got to find something that you can understand.
If you don't understand the King James, find the New King James.
Maybe you like the New King James, but find something that will minister to you, that you can get ahold of and start there.
Just avoiding it altogether is not going to get you anything out of it.
If you don't understand what you're reading, you might as well just put it on the shelf.
Find a version that ministers to you, and read it and read it.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the Word of God.
I try to tell you all this because those that are not listening—he that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
And Jesus is coming, and he's coming sooner than you think.
But there's many of you that are asleep.
And the Lord said, 'I'm bringing forth a great shaking to awaken, and when I do so, it will shake the church out of the slumber that it's been in.
' I don't know exactly when that day's coming, but I saw it again even today.
The Lord said, 'I was looking toward the east.
' And the Lord started talking to me about the East and what's coming.
There's a lot of people who don't realize that he's given you just a little bit of time to prepare to get your heart right.
He's so merciful.
So I have to tell you that little stuff right there—that's something for you to meditate on and stir yourself up a little bit, maybe.
All I know to do is just keep bringing you to the well.
If you don't want to drink, don't drink.
But if you drink from the well, you will never thirst again.
That's why I sing, 'Fill My Cup, Lord, I Lift It Up, Lord,' because we leak out.
But once you taste the living—that word, the word of God—and it becomes alive, you'll crave it forever.
When you've had the authentic, the true...
there's a lot of you that have never experienced 'taste and see that the Lord is good.
' You've only been able to walk around the edges of the lake, but you've never gone down and gotten to take a drink of it.
There's so much more than salvation.
There's so much more than going to church just one time a year on Christmas or Easter.
Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good.
It's not religious to me; it's relationship.
And there's so many people who ask me, 'What, do you have to pray to a Catholic priest to forgive you of your sins?
' No, I don't believe that.
'Confess your faults one to another, that ye may be healed.
' The Bible says you can confess your faults one to another; there's scripture to back that up.
But I believe that if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I confess my sins to Jesus.
I never confessed them to a Catholic priest.
I confess my sins to Jesus today.
'Jesus, I have missed it today.
Forgive me.
' I don't have to wait for mass or whatever they do when they go to the confession booth to talk to the priest.
I talk to Jesus because he lives on the inside of me, and the moment I mess up, I have that conviction that says I messed up.
'Oh, Jesus, change me from the inside out.
I need you.
' He is an ever-present help in a time of need.
I go to Jesus directly and say, 'Jesus, have mercy on me.
I need you.
' I don't need a Catholic priest to help me; I've got Jesus.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Either you believe it or you don't.
It's a relationship with me.
And the more you get real, God will become real to you.
When you start to see the things that the Lord has shown me—he is no respecter of persons.
What he's done for my life, he will do for you.
This is James 5:16: 'Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another, that ye may be healed.
The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
' So I try to figure out where they get the scriptures telling me I had to talk to a priest.
But I'm going to tell you, Jesus is my high priest.
Jesus is my Savior, and I'm not going to go to a Catholic church and confess my sins there.
I'm going strictly to him and saying, 'Jesus, I messed up today.
I have a relationship with you.
' I can read this Bible and it will change me from the inside out.
It's called relationship.
The moment you let that light switch click on and let the elevator go to the top that he paid the price for you to walk in victory—there is no man that's going to get you there other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Accepting him and sitting at his feet on a day-to-day basis and saying, 'Jesus, change me.
I'm created in your image.
I am in your likeness.
I know I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, but Holy Spirit, teach me.
' The Holy Spirit will teach you in all things, in all truth.
Jesus said that.
Braden finds these scriptures; I don't have them all memorized yet, but I have parts of them.
James 5:16, though, that's a good one.
'The effectual fervent prayer of the righteous man availeth much.
' There it is.
However, John 16:13: 'Howbeit when he, the Spirit of Truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth; for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come.
' So you can talk to him about anything, and he's going to show you things to come.
He's no respecter of persons.
That's what I believe a watchman does—he will show you things to come.
It ain't Brandon Biggs up here telling you things are coming.
I believe when the Spirit of Truth is come, he will guide you into all truth.
For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come.
And I believe with all my heart that King James Version is kind of...
it's kind of too much 'ye's and all that.
New Living Translation again: 'I still have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.
' So when people say, 'Well, Brandon, you should tell everything,' well, Jesus couldn't even tell the people everything.
'I still have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.
' There's things that the people will joke on if you tell them.
I have something I wanted to tell you today, but the Lord said they can't handle that yet.
I had a visitation in my dreams last night, and the Lord spoke to me big time.
I was so excited; I told Braden and them, and they looked at me like I had two heads.
I said, 'Yeah, it challenged me too.
' But I still have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now.
However, when he, the Spirit of Truth, has come, he will guide you into all truth.
For he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears, he will speak and he will tell you things to come.
He will glorify me, for he will take of what is mine and declare it to you.
See, that's what I'm saying.
If you don't understand what you're reading and it gets hard, find a version that you can understand.
I have to, because I overcome stuff and I sit there and I have to learn.
I have to read that sometimes five or six times.
I can barely comprehend stuff.
And that's why I have Diana read to me all the time.
So I can understand when I hear her reading to me; when I read it, I overcome.
And when she reads to me, I hear it the first time.
I'm just being real, y'all, but it's what's happened over the years.
And that's why Diana reads to me all the time.
I'm so thankful for my wife reading to me.
She reads to me and I grasp it the first time.
I say, 'Read it again,' because she'll read it and read it.
But me hearing is a lot different than me passing my eyes over it, but I don't know, I'm getting better.
There is so much more I want to tell you—that's the New Living Translation—but you cannot bear it.
Now when the Spirit of Truth comes, he will guide you into all truth.
He will not speak of his own, but will tell you what he has heard.
He will tell you about the future; that's what he does all the time.
He will bring me glory by telling you whatever he receives from me.
That's a good translation; I like it.
It's not confusing, like the New Living Translation.
So I'm just trying to tell you all, the Holy Spirit is going to help you.
You just have to seek him, and the more you seek him, you'll find him.
All this religious stuff, you'll put it aside and be like, 'I don't even know why I ever went down that path in the first place.
' It was dead and lifeless, and God is alive.
A river is not stagnant; a river flows, and out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
When you get in the vine, if you get in that Holy Ghost flow, you'll never go stagnant.
You're never going to be lacking anything; a river never lacks.
It always flows, and there's always a source.
He is the source, and you'll never run dry.
As long as you are abiding in him, sitting at his feet, he'll change you from the inside out.
So, Father, we just thank you again, as I said, for the body; we take this in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
I got sidetracked, but I try to tell you all this because it's worked for me.
There are things that I struggled with a long time, but when I got that word down inside of me, it changed me.
And I'm so thankful for the word.
Thank God for the word.
The word will work for you if you work it.
Thank you for the blood, and we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
Father, if there's anything you want to show us tonight—it's late now—but Father, we're so thankful.
Father, we'll pray for a little bit here and seek you.
We thank you, Lord, that we can get a lot done in just 30 to 45 minutes.
We take the blood and we apply it to our lives.
And we thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over my eyes and over my mind, and I thank you, Lord, that I hear you in a still small voice.
I lay hold to it, and I thank you, Father.
I tell you, Satan, get out of here in Jesus' name.
I will not hear the devil's voice; I hear my Father.
And if there is anything, Father, you want to show me, I yield to you.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic; I yield to the anointing of the watchman, and we will do whatever we can to help you, Father, tonight, in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
I put my minerals in my water, and I've been taking my minerals every day.
I thank God for that; it really does help.
You don't realize how depleted our food is until you start taking minerals, and I go, 'Wow, that really makes you feel good.
' It tastes like trash, but it does make you feel good.
Chapter 3: Prayer.
Father, we just thank you.
We're so grateful.
We just jump over in that river, Father, and we flow.
We lift up this economy to you in the name of Jesus.
We are in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've called us to do.
And we thank you, Lord, that we lack no good thing.
We call for a turnaround in the American economy concerning gas prices.
I can tell you what I saw, but I don't know if you'd want to hear it.
I see an acceleration of this, especially in Australia.
For some reason, I'm seeing Australia really highlighted concerning gas prices.
I see a lot of people going to electric.
It's like they'll start to question in their mind.
They start talking about—I see the Hummer, I see these electric vehicles—they start to reevaluate as they go through the summer.
And then all of a sudden, it will fall.
This is not financial advice; it's all in my opinion.
I see those charts on the stock market, I see this graph, and it goes straight up like this, and it's green.
And then all of a sudden, it falls and it's red.
And I see oil prices go up, up, up, and gas prices go up, and all of a sudden it tanks and gas prices are down again.
There is a shortage of diesel.
In the name of God, what are they going to announce for that to happen?
Many distractions will come; that's what the issue was.
Many distractions are about to come.
They're doing something over here.
And this will take your attention off of this.
When they drop things and they raise things, I see one thing being raised.
This is what a lot of people will be excited about.
But then they'll drop things—a sleight of hand over here.
They're about to release the alien files.
They're going to release these alien documents; they're demonic documents.
I'm telling you, it will go over the Mayan temples; it will go over the Vatican and false alien invasions.
Something is coming, something that will scare people.
Something is coming to rattle them.
Many things about abductions are about to come out.
You'll hear testimonials of people saying, 'I was abducted by something, and they probed me.
' I hear these testimonials coming out.
You'll hear testimonies of people by word of mouth, saying, 'This is what happened to my body.
' This is demonic encounters.
They try to present themselves as a white light.
They're trying to copy a white light.
This will happen a lot in South America.
I see Latino women down by Panama, Guatemala, and Costa Rica.
I see a lake.
It's what's in the lake.
They're going to try to mess with people a lot in the days ahead.
It's a distraction.
They'll try to mess with your minds.
You've got to get ahold of the Word.
I see plans to shake the people.
This is something that's been here the whole time.
Well, this sounds way too far out there for me, but I'm telling you, they're going to shake you in the days ahead.
A distraction is coming.
It's not just about bright lights; we're talking about encounters, testimonial encounters.
It's like the X-Files; it's something real creepy.
What I'm looking into is very creepy.
These are top secret files that have been buried.
I'm seeing the '80s and the '70s.
These are encounters—demonic visitations—and they probe them, doing things to their bodies.
This is demonic, what I'm seeing.
You'll see it in the news.
You'll see it all over X and all over the news.
They'll be talking about this in the days ahead.
I hear 'missing.
' There are people missing.
People that have been missing for years will reappear, and they'll look the same way as they left.
That's what I saw.
They'll be gone for decades.
How is that possible?
Lord, I plead the blood over the vision.
I plead the blood over what I'm seeing.
I pray I bind any demonic spirits or snares.
I see a young woman who looks like she's been gone since the '80s reappear.
I see this individual with curly hair.
She has a Strawberry Shortcake shirt on—the cartoon.
She has her hair up in pigtails, or like a ponytail, with big bangs.
It's dimension travel.
It's dimensions.
There's no time or space in those dimensions.
Great deceptions—that's what I hear.
I see an octopus.
It's fallen angel stuff.
Deceptions when you entertain angels unaware.
Taking on a form to snare the people.
This sounds like a weird movie, Braden, but this, I'm telling you, is what I see in this vision.
I see some kind of Strawberry Shortcake young girl.
She has it on her shirt, and she presents herself with those denim jeans with a Rainbow Brite belt.
This is a mighty cup of coffee.
Hey buddy, buckle up.
Ready, Vicky?
I am also the great distractions, great deceptions.
Father, I thank you.
To what extent would they try to distract you?
Look at the extent.
Look how far they will take it.
You hear me, Braden?
Look how far they will take it to try to distract the people from what's coming.
It's about the great lengths of the deceptions trying to come on the land today.
They'll want to explain.
This is the length I'm telling you for how much the devil will try to deceive you in the days ahead.
What about the rapture?
About all of it.
And people are going to say it's AI.
Some people are going to say it's Hollywood stuff.
This is going to be dark.
This is demonic deception.
I see CERN, but I see a CERN in America.
I see a CERN in Asia.
This has been a very strange vision, Lord.
The great deception trying to get people swayed away.
We're about to see things we never thought we would see with this AI genetic splicing, like we heard in Norway, all this demonic influence trying to distort the human genes.
What God created was perfect.
When He said, 'It is finished,' they're trying to think they can create better with this genetic splicing, this AI technology making humans that are what they would call flawless individuals, flawless humans.
It won't just be about the weather; it's going to be events that will shock and awe the people on purpose.
Scientific developments—what could it be?
Now, this is kind of creepy, trying to bring back people from the dead with genetics, taking their cells.
Like saying we can bring back this celebrity's DNA, make it like that again.
I see Elvis, I see Frank Sinatra, people from the past trying to bring back DNA to see if they can make somebody like that through DNA somehow.
Do you understand?
Yes, trying to take the DNA from bone tissue and things like that to try to take that and genetically make that into another human being that looks like that.
Does that make sense, son?
It's genetic splicing, like what I'm talking about with a saber-toothed tiger or a woolly mammoth, trying to create back people.
Most disturbingly, celebrities—trying to make a likeness.
I wonder if we can make him sing like that.
Do you see?
I'm saying they're genetically playing with things that are dark, taking blood and cells from people that have passed away, trying to create them with this somehow, with AI.
That is dark.
Trying to make a Marilyn Monroe, trying to make people like that through genetically putting the cells...
like they're trying to figure out if we could do that.
We can make a clone.
I hear the word 'clone.
' Clone in the way they look, looking alike, to look like that individual, to create another one.
Maybe not with the same mannerisms and how they spoke, but to look alike.
How can you do that?
That's dark.
Trying to think out like this is a demonic cabal.
You know how I say you look just like your father, you act just like your father?
Well, a child acts like a mom and daddy; they imitate them.
Be imitators of God as dear children; imitate their fathers.
But they try...
it's like they're playing God.
I see something very dark like this.
Trying to figure out what the Egyptians look like, Pharaohs through the mummies, taking DNA.
How could we make them look like they did from King Tut?
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Trying to take DNA from the bones, trying to figure out how to create that so they can see what it looks like again.
What did they look like?
Genetically splicing with AI, same as how they try to create a woolly mammoth or a dodo bird.
Trying to bring back the people of the old.
That's what they're talking about in this lab.
I can hear them now.
I hear the scientists talking back and forth: 'This is endless capabilities.
We have endless capabilities to do what we think we can do.
The sky's the limit.
' If we can do this—I hear them talking about bringing these old people, trying to figure out what they look like, bring them back, trying to create these people.
This is dark.
Like the guy in the Netherlands saying, 'I'll be able to create my own human out of myself.
' They want to create a human out of their own self.
This would be like me, but it's trying to take it out of old DNA.
I see the thinking of old DNA like Cleopatra, trying to find old bones.
That's over the top.
That's dark stuff, Lord.
The Lord said, 'This is not too far off.
This is not too far off, Brandon.
' That’s what He just said.
What I’m discussing, what you hear, is not too far off.
They are taking the old bones from the Nephilim—the giant bones, the big skulls.
They want to do this with the giant bones, with the old Goliath stuff.
Do you know what I’m talking about?
The stuff they’re finding, and they want to take DNA from that.
How did these people become so big?
It exists.
They’re talking, saying the sky’s the limit and the future’s ours.
The vastness of this technology called AI—the vastness of the technology concerning AI and quantum computing—is endless.
Our grasp of the Tower of Babel of modern day—there is nothing that we can’t achieve through this.
ChatGPT is old news.
This new quantum computing is something that’s far beyond anything which you can comprehend other than Alexa or whatever; this is old stuff.
What we get to play around with is nothing.
This AI is so intelligent, they say there's nothing we can't achieve with this as it keeps evolving.
It's a modern-day Tower of Babel.
This is concerning CERN.
I see there’s new developments coming with AI.
You’re about to see.
It’s not just about laser technology.
This isn’t about the one-world order or the new money; all that is old thinking.
They’ve stumbled onto something that is beyond what you can comprehend as humans.
With AI technology and quantum computing, they are going over the new energies.
Remember whenever I used to see them and they would type in a word and have pages of it?
It took them forever even for cancer, Alzheimer's, and dementia and all the cures for this.
But it took them a while for humans to go through it and break it down.
It’s coming so quickly.
The Lord says this is coming so quickly: cures for diseases that have plagued us for a long time, and what you would call sci-fi.
It’s not sci-fi; it’s real.
They are trying to play with things they don’t need to be playing with—dark things.
The Lord says they’re playing with fire, and AI is going to grow.
It’s an AI race between China, America, and Europe.
I even see Japan in this AI race.
Who will be the first?
It’s like saying, 'Who’s the first to the moon?
' Who is in this AI race: weapons of war and medical breakthroughs?
And in the end, the Lord says, 'As in the days of Noah, Brandon, as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
' Maranatha.
So for everybody but, Prophet B, this has been interesting.
Father, I sure appreciate all the time.
Lord, You help me.
You show us that which is to come.
We’re so grateful.
You show us a glimpse of the darkness that they’re planning and plotting.
Lord, we come against it.
They all know that You put a monkey wrench in their plans.
You’ll put a slowdown in these plans so that this will not come to pass.
You didn’t show us all this just for giggles.
But, Father, we take authority over this spirit.
We know we’re looking up, for our redemption draws nigh as they try to do all this stuff.
And You laugh at their plans.
Lord, You sit in the heavens and You laugh.
I thank You, Father, that we are on the right side of humanity right now.
We don’t get off into weirdo-ville.
We just stay the course, knowing that we’re looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh as we see these evil acts approaching.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord, that You’re coming soon.
Let us pray.
We thank You, Lord.
Well, I’ve kept you all really late tonight.
You keep digging in this, but it’s almost 12:00.
Some things are so dark when I see what the Lord is showing us of what's coming to prepare ourselves.
I believe we can disrupt their stuff, but it just shows you the signs of the times.
A lot of you didn't believe we would see what we're about to see.
It’s going to be shocking.
As I see these alien abductions, these demonic spirits trying to mess with everybody, they're trying to bring forth AI to create clones.
They’re going to try to make clones.
It’s very dark.
What I just saw tonight: the cloning of Marilyn Monroe, cloning of people from hair or bones, whatever they can use to create a clone of another individual.
AI technology is more than what we could ever think because we are allowed to see just a little bit at a time.
This thing is like a rocket ship going really fast, a freight train out of control.
Jesus Christ is coming.
As the days of Noah, the Tower of Babel is all around.
There’s nothing we can’t achieve.
I was hearing them talk.
There were actually four people in this office.
I could see one was on this side of the table and there were three on the other side.
They were Caucasians.
One man had blond hair, and I could see a woman and two other men.
They were in a place saying, 'There’s nothing we can’t achieve.
The possibilities are endless.
' Lord, I’m so glad we were born for such a time as this.
Lord, help us to be polished, to get ready for this great harvest.
The end is right at hand, and we’re so grateful for what You’re about to do across this land.
Use us, Lord, pour out Your Spirit on us.
I thank You that our young men will have visions, and our old men will have dreams, and You’ll pour out Your Spirit upon Your handmaidens.
I believe, Father, that we are truly in the last of the last days.
Hallelujah.
Now, Father, we pray over President Trump.
We pray over his mind and the decisions that he makes.
In the name of Jesus, we pray a hedge around him.
We thank You, Lord, that he’s always in the right place at the right time.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper.
We pray over Rubio and JD Vance.
Father, we pray for protection over his children: Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, Kai, and Ivanka.
We pray for protection around the family.
They are always in the right place at the right time.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus over the family.
Thank You, Father, that President Trump is safe.
Thank you, Lord, that He's making good, godly decisions for this nation, and He takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We put angels around and about him tonight as he sleeps, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
He will have sound sleep.
And I thank you, Father, that the economy will be stimulated and blessing is coming on the body of Christ, and we don't have room enough to receive it all in the name of Jesus, amen and amen.
I believe the Lord is so good, and there's so many of you that come out tonight.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that have been here and pray with me.
We're so grateful.
It's almost midnight and I haven't kept you too late, but I felt an inner release regarding that.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Hey, Braden, it's not bad at this time.
Seven thousand—that's a lot.
They're all from around the world—maybe Australia, California, Hawaii.
It's still pretty early over there right now in California; it's like three hours behind.
9:37—it's not late there.
It's like when we normally start.
It's pretty early still; it just got dark.
Otherwise, where?
Ireland.
Ireland, middle of their day.
Africa, Zambia, Namibia.
Florida—wow, it's really late in Florida, New York, Australia, Argentina, South Africa.
It's early in the morning in South Africa.
I'm from Hong Kong.
It's pretty cool.
You know, when I'm looking at all that, sometimes it's hard for me to digest.
I'm pretty simple when it comes to stuff like that, and I'm looking at something and I don't even know how you could do something like that.
But I tell you what I see, and I tell you what I hear Him say.
He tells me to tell you that there's great deception coming.
He doesn't tell you just for giggles; He's trying to warn the body that they have great dark plans ahead to do things that are very ungodly with cells, AI technology, and quantum computing.
I tell you this because it bothered me what I was seeing, and that's why I pulled out of the vision.
After a little bit, I can make it stop because it's heavy.
When I'm looking into something that dark, I can yield to that mantle again and I can see over it, but after a while I take a break because I was seeing them do things that were very evil with children.
I could see them taking blood.
You don't create an adult human with this AI technology; it was with a baby embryo.
These were babies that I was seeing in labs.
You want to create another human out of the DNA of King Tut?
It's a baby at first.
So I'm seeing babies in labs, and this is sick; it really bothered me.
It's not like you're birthing an adult.
This is trying to splice gene DNA into sperm to make a human baby and create a new Marilyn Monroe.
How long does it take to grow a human?
Years, right?
They don't have super growth.
It's not like you're a baby and you're automatically an adult in five years.
It's still life.
So I could see these children in these labs that they were experimenting on as they were creating these bubble babies.
A life is a life, right?
That's the way I was looking at it.
But this was dark, and how they get away with this legally, I have no idea.
What I was seeing was something that looked like a sci-fi movie.
I was thinking, 'How are they doing this?
' They wanted to create these celebrities with DNA, but a celebrity is always born just like you and me.
The sickness of these people!
I'm saying they can take and make your own baby out of you.
This is real.
What I was seeing, they looked at as a child with no soul.
I don't know how all that was happening; I couldn't really tell.
I didn't want to focus on it too much; it was dark.
But I was thinking, 'This is sickening.
' They were going to experiment with animals.
This was interesting—some kind of endangered or extinct lobster.
It looked like crustaceans.
Why?
Because they grow back their body parts.
You can break off the legs of crustaceans and they grow back.
They were experimenting with the crustaceans.
I could see in labs they were starting with these lobster-looking things.
They were endangered, and they were trying to create them so that they could experience it because they grow back body parts.
Lizards grow back body parts.
If a lizard can grow back a body part, they were trying to create things that make you grow back body parts—your arms, your legs.
They're trying to think outside what God will do.
If the Lord will allow a starfish to grow back its body, how much more can we, as human beings underneath the glory, grow back body parts?
But they were trying to do it through AI, trying to figure out through AI technology how a starfish, a lizard, and certain crustaceans are able to do this, and they wanted to splice it through human DNA.
I was watching this in the lab, and they were trying to figure out how to create things that were extinct and endangered to save the species, like with rhinos.
'How do we take the blood and make it go back again through this DNA?
' That's when I heard that woman.
They were talking and they were joyfully glad: 'This is endless.
' I saw them using a big computer screen; they were typing in things and would ask questions.
I could see that demon behind it that looked like code.
It wasn't a computer they were talking to; they were talking to an entity, a satanic thing.
And that's why it was dark.
It was like trying to create the Tower of Babel: 'There's nothing we cannot achieve.
' And that's when the Lord Jesus in the vision said, 'This is not far off.
' I could hear Him: 'This is not far off.
' What was interesting before that, I could see a girl with really curly hair—looked like a perm—but it was real long curly hair and she looked like Rainbow Brite.
She was dressed up in 80s clothes.
Of course, if you were raised in the 80s like I was, you remember Rainbow Brite and Pippi Longstocking kind of stuff.
There was something with it, something with the alien stuff.
This was demonic but entertaining—demonic spirits unaware.
If you can entertain angels unaware, they are trying to make you entertain demons unaware.
It was fallen Nephilim stuff, and I could see something dark, but they were trying to bring forth a great deception.
It was in Mexico, down by Guatemala.
There's a lot of witchcraft down there, and there's something about Guatemala and the Panama Canal.
It's very dark.
When I was looking into it, that's the gist of it.
But as I was looking at it, I thought, 'Oh my goodness.
' It's pretty over-the-top stuff.
That's why I paused three times inside of myself to say, 'Lord, what am I seeing?
' and plead the blood over it because it's dark.
But that's what we have for you today.
I'm very thankful for you being here.
We will pray again.
We continue to lift things up as watchmen on the wall for that which is to come.
And we know it has nothing to do with Brandon Biggs; it has everything to do with Jesus Christ.
It's His gift, not mine.
I just yield to that which is to come.
What do you want to show me?
","corrections":[{"sentence":"Trying to figure out through AI technology how a starfish, a lizard, and certain crustaceans are able to do this, and they wanted to [spice] it through human DNA.
","originalWord":"spice","proposedWord":"splice","confidence":1.
0},{"sentence":"It's His gift, not mine; I just [healed] to that which is to come.
","originalWord":"healed","proposedWord":"yield","confidence":1.
0}]} I'm so thankful that he would choose to use me because he can use anybody.
And we always attract to deflect every single time.
It's always Jesus and we're so thankful that he is our friend and he'll show us that which is to come, like we saw in the Scripture earlier.
But we prayed for a good hour.
Did we not?
It's good.
Yes.
I gave an hour.
Blessings.
Thank you for being here.
Remember, we'll see you again tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.